Multi-client call support & incoming call notifications for DM/GM (#6846)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/make-calls.rst

- `Troubleshooting <#troubleshooting>`__
- `Debugging <#debugging>`__

Join a call
-----------

To join a call, select **Join call** in a channel, group message, or direct message. 

> From Mattermost v9.4, you'll see incoming call notifications for direct and group messages when a new call is started. Multiple calls starting in multiple messages will result in multiple incoming call notifications. If you're already in a call, and you receive a new incoming call notification, Mattermost prompts you to **Leave & Join**, or cancel to stay in the current call.

Reviewer: maybe a simplification?
```suggestion
From Mattermost v9.4, you'll see incoming call notifications for direct and group messages when a new call is started. Multiple calls will result in multiple incoming call notifications. If you're already in a call, and you receive a new incoming call notification, Mattermost prompts you to **Join** the incoming call, or dismiss the notification.
```

  .. tab:: Web/Desktop

>     To start a call, select **Start call** in the channel or message. When you start a call in a channel, you're muted by default. In a direct or group message you're unmuted by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To start a call, select **Start call** in the channel header. When you start a call in a channel, you're muted by default. In a direct or group message you're unmuted by default.
```
